Fixes for section about rules priorities (#258)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

By default, AdGuard does not block the requests that are loaded in the browser tab (e.g. "main frame bypass"). The idea is not to prevent pages from loading as the user clearly indicated that they want this page to be loaded. However, if the `$document` modifier is specified explicitly, AdGuard does not use that logic and prevents the page load. Instead, it responds with a "blocking page".

> If this modifier is used with an exclusion rule (`@@`), it completely disables blocking on corresponding pages. It is equivalent to using `$elemhide`, `$content`, `$urlblock`, `$jsinject`, `$extension` modifiers simultaneously but only if this modifier is written in the rule and not added hidden, for example in rule `@@example.com$removeheader` which implicitly adds `$document`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used with an exclusion rule (`@@`), this modifier completely disables blocking on the corresponding pages. It is equivalent to using the `$elemhide`, `$content`, `$urlblock`, `$jsinject`, `$extension` modifiers simultaneously, but only if this modifier is written in the rule and not added hidden, for example in the rule `@@example.com$removeheader`, which implicitly adds `$document`.
```

> When used with an exclusion rule (`@@`), this modifier completely disables blocking on the corresponding pages. It is equivalent to using the `$elemhide`, `$content`, `$urlblock`, `$jsinject`, `$extension` modifiers simultaneously, but only if this modifier is written in the rule and not added hidden, for example in the rule `@@example.com$removeheader`, which implicitly adds `$document`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When used with an exclusion rule (`@@`), this modifier completely disables blocking on the corresponding pages. It is equivalent to using the `$elemhide`, `$content`, `$urlblock`, `$jsinject`, `$extension` modifiers simultaneously, but only if this modifier is written in the rule and not added implicitly, for example in the rule `@@example.com$removeheader`, which implicitly adds `$document`.
```

As well as exception with [`$document modifier`](#document-modifier): because it's an alias for `$elemhide,content,jsinject,urlblock,extension`.
It will add `10^4` for each modifier from [the top list](#priority-category-4), `10^4 * 5` in total.

> In addition, each of these exceptions implicitly adds the two allowed content-type modifiers `$document,subdocument`, but not when these exceptions are obtained by using the `$document` alias. For this case `$subdocument` should be provided explicitly: `@@||example.com$document,subdocument`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, each of these exceptions implicitly adds the two allowed content-type modifiers `$document,subdocument`, but not when these exceptions are obtained using the `$document` alias. In this case, `$subdocument` should be specified explicitly: `@@||example.com$document,subdocument`.
```

`@@||example.com/ad/*$domain=example.org|example.net,important`

Rule weight: base weight + allowlist rule, [category 5](#priority-category-5) + allowed domains, [category 3](#priority-category-3) + important rule, [category 7](#priority-category-7):
`1 + 100000 + 1000000 + (100 + 100 / 2) = 1100151`.

**Example 7**

`@@||example.org^$document` is an alias for

> `@@||example.com^$elemhide,content,jsinject,urlblock,extension`

Reviewer 2: Теперь как раз надо разделить этот пример на два, эти правила не эквивалентны)

Author: @ngorskikh почему не эквивалентны?
вот выдержка [из документации](https://adguard.com/kb/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters/#document-modifier): 
> If this modifier is used with an exclusion rule (@@), it completely disables blocking on corresponding pages. It is equivalent to using $elemhide, $content, $urlblock, $jsinject, $extension modifiers simultaneously

Reviewer 2: @sfionov Вызываю поддержку с воздуха. В корлибсах нынче эти два правила не эквивалентны: из-за того, что в них нет модификаторов типа запроса, применяются некие типа запроса по-умолчанию (это было сделано не просто так, а по чьему-то строгому указанию, не помню, чьему):
`@@||example.com^$elemhide,content,jsinject,urlblock,extension` неявно содержит два типа запроса: `DOCUMENT` и `SUBDOCUMENT`. `@@||example.org^$document` неявно содержит только тип запроса `DOCUMENT`. Следовательно, приоритеты у них вычисляются разные. Кто прав, кто виноват, нипонятно :(

Rule weight: base weight + allowlist rule, [category 5](#priority-category-5) + five specific exceptions, [category 4](#priority-category-4) + two allowed content types (document and subdocument), [category 2](#priority-category-2):

> `1 + 100000 + 10000 * 5 + (50 + 50 / 2) = 50076`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`1 + 100000 + 10000 * 5 + (50 + 50 / 2) = 150076`.
```

**Example 8**

`*$script,domain=a.com,denyallow=x.com|y.com`

Rule weight: base weight + allowed content type, [category 2](#priority-category-2) + allowed domain, [category 3](#priority-category-3) + denyallow, [category 1](#priority-category-1):
`1 + (50 + 50 / 1) + (100 + 100 / 1) + 1 = 302`.

**Example 9**

`||example.com^$all` (alias to `||example.com^$document,subdocument,image,script,media,etc. + $popup`)

Rule weight: base weight + allowed content types, [category 2](#priority-category-2):

> `1 + (50 + 50/12) = 55.17 = 56` due to rounding.

Reviewer 2: Можно добавить ссылку на раздел, где написано, что округление в большую сторону.

Author: добавил

> `1 + (50 + 50/12) = 55.17 = 56` because rounding up is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`1 + (50 + 50/12) = 55.17 = 56` due to rounding.
```
